[gunfire]
I'll prove that I
can do this all by myself!
[laughs]
Huh?
[gunfire]
Lily, I want you
to watch this very closely.
[gasping]
[woman vocalizing]
18 HOURS LATER
ROYAL POLICE, COASTAL BRANCH
[Keith] I can't believe
you used Lily.
INTERROGATION ROOM
[Eric] You don't approve?
Not really.
[Eric] So what's your endgame?
I doubt you'd willingly
turn yourself in without one.
My endgame?
You certainly turned out to be
a rather suspicious individual.
And whose fault would that be?
You know what he's up to, right?
The answer
you've been looking for
has been
right underneath your noses.
[Eric] I see.
Let's get down to brass tacks.
Market Maker's involvement
in this has made
any fact-finding attempt
pointless for us.
In that case,
we just expose things
that reflect badly
on the country.
What?
There's a strong possibility
the leader of Market Maker
is off his rocker
and more than likely
abusing his position.
My point, this deranged leader
is deriving pleasure
from tormenting me
about my sister's death,
and they're exploiting
their position
to commit a string of murders
purely out of self-interest.
It's about as reprehensible
as it gets,
so all we have to do
is inform the country.
[Eric] Impossible. They run
an extremely tight ship.
[Keith] Exactly.
An organization
that orchestrates madness
would never guess that madness
is being spread from within.
If that's true,
then there's
a single disease vector,
and knowing you, you've already
come up with a theory
as to who that vector is.
Why not act on it?
Because I don't have
any hard evidence at this point.
As far as I can tell,
this man has religiously
maintained the same routine
every day
for the past eight years.
Assuming he can't control
his homicidal urges,
getting a bead
on his murder patterns
gets that much harder.
Homicidal urges?
So he has
impulse-control disorder?
Yeah, and not just him.
Are you saying
he has accomplices?
I wouldn't
necessarily go that far.
Huh?
I'm still unsure.
I figured I'd come back here
to confirm it in person.
Does that mean...
Yeah.
The killer is close by.
We only have a few hours left
to find what you couldn't
in eight years.
What are you hoping
to uncover in that time?
Thanks to the snot-head on
the other side of that mirror,
nothing's gone
according to plan.
I can't do a damn thing
by myself in our--
It's taken you this long
to figure that out?!
It's like you've been living
in a blasted fantasy world!
You've got mental muscle in
spades, but none anywhere else,
which is why you're not able
to do anything by yourself!
How the hell
can you be such a dumb-ass?!
Eric's showing his true colors.
He can get that way
now and again when he's drunk.
-[Lily] I never knew.
-...progress in eight years,
and now you have the gall
to blame us?! [gasps]
Apologies.
Everything I learned about
police work, I learned from you.
That's a point of pride for me.
Every time I do something,
I always ask myself,
"What would Keith Flick do?"
Look sharp. That's our cue.
Took long enough.
[grunting]
[Keith] What's going on here?
[Eric] It doesn't matter
how convoluted the instructions.
The team in this room
can follow them to the letter.
I've assembled
the very best around
and have drilled into them
everything that you taught me.
Any idea why?
Eight years ago, after we
got fed up with that show trial,
we plotted to kidnap Dead Kyle
and bring to light
all of the heinous crimes
that we had uncovered.
That said,
the whole thing was my idea,
but you acted on your own
and left us all behind,
and as a result,
I found myself
in the awkward position
of having to arrest you.
Why would you do such a thing?
Were you protecting me,
or had you lost control?
To this day, I still don't know.
But what I do know is that we
were missing something that day,
something I've found,
and that...
is a team.
Give us our orders.
For the next few hours,
you can think of our group
as your personal team.
The fact is, the instant
we deliver you to jail,
the R.I.S.
will be permanently disbanded.
Let's turn this thing around
with some giant killing!
First off, would you mind
getting rid of these cuffs?
I can't do that, Keith.
You are a suspect, remember?
Now what are we going to do
about Market Maker?
They'll definitely try
to stop us.
[Keith]
The play's already in motion.
We'll use Lily as a decoy.
Absolutely not! Too risky.
I'm doing it,
no matter what you say.
Where's your proof?
My first day back, we met,
and I planted a bug on him.
[Mario] I get it.
Bugs that disappear
are harder to spot.
The pack only lasted
for one day.
He's a heavier smoker
than I remembered.
Well, did you learn anything?
You could say that.
Hmm?
He still talks to Erika,
even now.
[all] Hmm?
What did you say?
-Kaela...
-Hmm?
let me borrow
your eyeliner for a sec.
Lily, go ahead,
and take off your jacket.
Hmm?
[Gil] Ah, Ms. Hoshina.
What brings you by at this hour?
Could I trouble you
for your signature?
You're running errands?
Long story short, I'm
the only one who wasn't busy.
Right, that thing with Genie.
It must be difficult.
Wow, these X-rays
sure are strange.
Hmm?
Yes, I'd have to agree.
In fact,
there aren't many cases...
many cases
of this skeletal structure.
Oh, wow.
Oh, thank you.
It's very much appreciated.
Do you still believe in him?
I'm not really sure why, but...
Hmm?
Thing is, I'll keep believing
in him to the bitter end.
It's surprising
he's won your trust,
considering that you barely
know anything about the man.
I'm not really sure why, but...
I always find myself
thinking about him.
[Gil sighs]
It must mean I'm in love.
[door opens]
[Boris stammers]
[Eric groans]
[Kaela] Hmm.
What's with you guys?
-That was all an act.
-[Boris chuckles]
[Lily] Get your pervy minds
out of the gutter. [groans]
[Keith] Anyway,
now we've set the bait.
All that's left is--
-Uh, Keith?
-Huh?
I didn't know you
suffered from chronic blushing.
Could this be Genie's trap,
or is she...
What's your take, Erika?
Huh?
Erika?
Erika, where are you?
[twin] I've had enough!
[panting]
Savior, my freakin' ass!
You're nothing
but an angel of death!
Hey, Kukuri...
Quinn, Izanami, Kamui, Takeru,
they'd all be alive right now
if it wasn't for you!
[Minatsuki] Shut up.
Listen, I know
more than you think,
and I'm totally aware
of all your horrid plans!
Just you wait.
When Regulus finds out,
you'll be as--[yells]
[gagging]
[Minatsuki shuddering]
[Laica] She's dead.
[panting]
Eric, I gotta be honest here.
I wish we could have found
some other way to do this.
She's a highly-trained member
of the R.I.S. She'll be fine.
[Boris groans]
And you, Keith?
Can't say.
Can't you say
something nicer than that?!
Boris, he's made contact.
Oh?
Eric, the bait's been taken.
You're commuting by bus?
Uh, just for today fortunately.
My car was recently totaled.
-Totaled?
-[giggles]
Well, that's another long story.
[chuckles]
I'd be happy to give you a lift.
May I?
Wow, thank you so much!
[sighs]
They're moving westbound
on Route 11.
Seems like he's heading
towards Lily's place,
just as expected.
[Eric] Roger that.
We'll confirm on this end.
For now, maintain pursuit.
[Lily] Oh, my goodness.
I feel a lot better.
I mean it. Thank you
so much for doing this.
I commute home
in this direction,
so it's no trouble.
[exhales]
My fingers feel like they
were about to freeze off.
Oh, you're being silly.
It seems like something keeps
bringing us together today.
Must be one
of those happy coincidences.
Hmm.
Given how cold it is outside,
we might see some snow
if it starts raining.
Some snow, huh?
Did I trigger
some old memories?
When you reach my age,
lots of things trigger memories.
Can you tell me about it?
Maybe one of these days.
If somebody's
keeping something from me,
I'm the type
who starts poking around.
Are you okay with that?
[sighs]
Is something the matter?
No, it's just that I
normally have contacts on,
but I'm not wearing them
right now,
so it looks
like everything is blurry
Oh, mind if I turn on the radio?
Hmm? Sure.
[techno music playing]
Erika.
[Lily humming along]
I can hear someone humming,
and considering the techno
music, it must be Lily.
Wait. Techno?
Oh, yeah. Lily loves the stuff.
Hey, she can't--
Is there a problem?
Uh, it's nothing.
Just forget about it.
Huh?
[humming continues]
You certainly listen
to odd music.
Huh? But this song
is really popular.
[resumes humming]
Erika would never listen
to music like this.
Oh...
Hey, Eric, the target's
pulled in to a local car wash.
A car wash?
[brushes whirring]
We've got movement.
He's leaving.
Just to be on the safe side,
I want you to close distance
and confirm Lily's safety.
[Mario] Roger.
I don't see anything
out of the ordinary.
The target
is pulling in to a building.
Eric, that isn't Lily's house.
I think it's...
[Keith] Gilbert's house.
[both gasp]
Stick with the plan.
Continue as normal.
But Lily is with him.
[Boris] The car's empty.
Is Lily inside?
[Kaela] She is,
and she's on the move.
[Mario groans]
Something's off.
None of the rooms
have lights on.
[Boris] What do we do now?
Lily was humming
to techno music earlier.
After that, we lost
all communication with her.
What is it?
Hmm?
Clear.
[footsteps]
[floor creaks]
Mm-mmm.
[grunts]
[thump echoes]
Gilbert Ross,
put your hands behind your head,
and get down on your knees!
What took you so long?
Gilbert Ross?
What took you so long, damn it?
Who the hell are you?
[suspect] Eight years.
It's been eight years.
The time has finally come.
And at last, we're free.
[gasps]
Run now, Boris!
Mario, hurry!
-[gasps]
-Ohh.
[beeping]
[laughs]
Like the cycle
of death and rebirth,
it will repeat itself
over and over,
and despite your best efforts,
an indelible code
will be etched into you!
[static crackling]
[gasps]
[gasping]
[alarm beeps]
[Kaela] All signals
have been lost.
[shudders]
[Eric] Boris, please respond!
Mario, status report!
Boris! Boris!
Please respond!
Boris, respond!
[groans]
[Mario] Sorry, Eric.
You're okay!
And how's Boris?!
[groans] I'm alive somehow,
but, crap, my ears
ain't working so good.
What just happened?
[Mario] The man
we found inside the house
-wasn't Gilbert.
-Say what?
[Keith] He switched places
with a Reggie
that was waiting in the wings.
For the past eight years,
he's been doing
the exact same thing
before committing his crimes.
[Eric] Then where
is the real Gilbert?
Put out an APB!
"One of our top investigators
may have been abducted.
We need people
searching the area."
But I thought our investigation
here was a secret.
I will take
full responsibility!
[Keith] Wait!
It's not over yet.
We keep going as is.
There's no choice!
If we don't do something,
-Lily will--
-Listen, Eric!
You know emergencies
are part of the process.
In the past, we've always
dealt with these emergencies
before they could happen.
[Keith] That was our mistake.
It's why we failed.
[Eric] Keith?
[Keith] Any mission
is going to entail
unexpected factors
and obstacles.
They have to be surmounted,
as each has its purpose.
They always lead to something.
But what's gonna happen
with Lily?
[Keith] I won't let her die.
Trust me. I know what I'm doing.
[footsteps]
Keith, huh?
Where'd you run off to?
I was worried sick, Erika.
He's caught on to me,
but I should still have
plenty of time to carve her up.
It'll take some time
for him to find us here.
I look forward to Keith
showing off his brain
and bursting in with that
triumphant look on his face.
When that happens,
the faint glimmers of hope
blossoming inside him
will be snuffed out,
and fresh despair will
take root in him once again.
It's the same color as hers,
and it has the same feel.
♪ Someday I'll be gone ♪
♪ There's somewhere
That we belong ♪
♪ And God
Has never played his role ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm the one
Who saves my soul ♪
♪ It's a perfect world
We're longing for ♪
♪ So long ♪
♪ Cursing shadows ♪
♪ Hunt and gather ♪
♪ In the city of no answer ♪
♪ As we follow
Endless questions ♪
♪ Hands up
In the same reflection ♪
♪ Sometimes we try to feel ♪
♪ How things just used to be
In yesterdays ♪
♪ Now or never,
Make it better ♪
♪ No one ever lives forever ♪
♪ Wake me up, and let me go ♪
♪ Someday I'll be gone ♪
♪ To somewhere we all belong ♪
♪ For so long ♪
Subtitle translation By David Fleming